Add installed role version (#2)
atosatto/ansible-requirements-lint: README.md

```bash
$ bin/ansible-requirements-lint requirements.yml
WARN: atosatto.prometheus [v1.0.1]: latest version is [v1.1.0].

> WARN: atosatto.grafana [v1.0.0]: latest version is [v1.1.0].

Reviewer: Consistently with the changes proposed below we should edit the README as follows

```suggestion
WARN: atosatto.prometheus: role not at the latest version, upgrade from v1.0.1 to v1.1.0.
WARN: atosatto.grafana: role not at the latest version, upgrade from v1.0.0 to v1.1.0.
```
